Wang Pingan, please rush over and let me pass by.
I can also give you back death.
Otherwise, in addition to the hostages,
I also have a hundred groups of tours that will last forever.
Remember what you said, and wait until I come back to appreciate these hundred ways of life worse than death.
I'll make a difference in your skills.
I, Zhao Chenghuang, have only been half a day long.
If you dare to teach me how to behave, you have a skinny attitude.
In addition to the adults of Zhenrong Group,
I'm not the guy from the Dragon Group
The mysterious chairman of the Dragon Group
It’s not just our rosy days
Or let him die in Dongshan
Only a young man like you can cure him
He just dug out his own shoes
I underestimated this kind of dog person
Then the adult appeared three or five times
If we seem to be getting off the horse now
We can definitely reach a higher level.
That's right
It can only be this kid
Big people can sell their merits in front of them
Not only do you charge high prices
Then I, Zhao Chenghuang, will be even more hurt.
After all, I have met that person
Have you really met that adult?